#summary TASTYL Example Programs.
#labels Featured

==TASTYL EXAMPLE PROGRAMS==
The following example programs in TASTYL, the input language of TASTY, demonstrate some key features and use cases of TASTY:

 * Evaluate circuits generated with Fairplay compiler (in [http://code.google.com/p/tastyproject/source/browse/tastyl/examples/fairplay_circuit.py TASTYL])
 * Easily combine homomorphic encryption and garbled circuits `[`KSS10`]` (in [http://code.google.com/p/tastyproject/source/browse/tastyl/examples/reference.py TASTYL])
 * Privacy-Preserving Set Intersection of `[`FNP04`]`, `[`LP09`]` (in [http://code.google.com/p/tastyproject/source/browse/tastyl/examples/set_intersection.py TASTYL])
 * Privacy-Preserving Face Recognition of `[`SSW09`]` (in [http://code.google.com/p/tastyproject/source/browse/tastyl/examples/fairplay_circuit.py TASTYL])


==LITERATURE==
*`[`KSS10`]`* V. Kolesnikov, A.-R. Sadeghi, T. Schneider. [http://eprint.iacr.org/2010/079 From Dust to Dawn: Practically Efficient Two-Party Secure Function Evaluation Protocols and their Modular Design]. Cryptology ePrint Archive, Report 2010/079, 2010.

*`[`FNP04`]`* M. J. Freedman, K. Nissim, B. Pinkas. [http://www.pinkas.net/PAPERS/FNP04.pdf Efficient Private Matching and Set Intersection]. Advances in Cryptology - EUROCRYPT 2004, Vol. 3027 of LNCS, pp. 1–19, 2004.

*`[`LP09`]`* Y. Lindell, B. Pinkas. [http://repository.cmu.edu/cgi/viewcontent.cgi?article=1004&context=jpc Secure Multiparty Computation for Privacy-Preserving Data Mining]. Journal of Privacy and Confidentiality, Vol. 1, No. 1, pp. 59-98, 2009.

*`[`SSW09`]`* A.-R. Sadeghi, T. Schneider, I. Wehrenberg. [http://www.trust.rub.de/media/trust/veroeffentlichungen/2010/03/23/SSW09.pdf Efficient privacy-preserving face recognition]. 12th International Conference on Information Security and Cryptology (ICISC'09), Volume 5984 of LNCS. Springer, December 2-4, 2009.